Paul is a comutational biologist and AI engineer. Paul has a PhD in compuational biology and 12 years experience as a python programmer.
Following my undergraduate degree in the UK, I moved to the United States and worked for many years as a programmer and analyst in the private and government sectors. The majority of my time was spent as a programmer and then private consultant for New York State government where I led large programs to establish critical computational capabilities for clients ranging from The Division of Budget to The Office of Child and Family services. While this work provided me with many skills as a programmer, and as a service provider, I realized that I was unable to pursue my interests in research and development in a consulting setting. 
Thus, in 2013, I gave up my lucrative position as a senior consultant to pursue my academic dreams, first entering Cornell University’s Masters of Engineering Program in Computer Science. My goal was to study machine learning and robotics, but a fortuitous class in Computational Biology revealed that this area could have more real-world and immediate applicability for machine learning. This led me to pursue a PhD in computational biology. 
Upon graduating in August of 2020, I started in my current position as a Research Associate in Cornell's Genomics Innovation Hub. This is a core facility focused on the development and application of cutting-edge genomics technologies. We do this in collaboration with early adopters to pave the way for larger-scale production services. Additionally, in the last year we have become interested in large language model (LLM) engineering and Agentic AI applications, enabling me to build my skills in this area.
My goal is to leverage my prior experience in consulting and analysis, combined with my skills in computational biology and AI technolgy to continue to innovate and to help move the field of genomics forward.
In my free time, I'm an avid rock climber. I'm also learning to play guitar although currently I'm not very good, and when I can I get out on the water to try my hand at wing-boarding.